[Music]
[Laughter] [
Music] [Music
]
[Applause]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
Good evening family How are you?
Well, I've been around today No, I'm not
going to be here for long, okay I'm just
going to react to a video Let's
react to this video that you've
been asking me for a long time [ __ ] the
camera, it has to be adjusted every
day What the hell is wrong with the camera, it
has to be adjusted every day Now I'm
going to react This video that you've
been asking me for a long time
The iceberg of the evening You've been
asking me for several days and today I'm going to take
advantage because I consider that all
the topics to watch This one is also the same
This one is also the same Come on It's okay, let's
adjust it in a play I consider
that the topics I have today Are to
record the news and I don't want to lose the
rhythm of recording the news because
the main channel is getting up quite well Let's see, I don't know  why it has been
configured come on it's already fine no
Yes here it's fine There it's
fine There it's perfect There it's perfect
okay I don't want to lose the rhythm of uploading
the news every day so
today live for 40 minutes to watch for 40
minutes No because the video lasts half an
hour and we'll probably be here for an hour
hour and a bit okay So take
advantage quickly take a seat smash
the like button okay
smash the like button do whatever you
have to do but let's
take advantage of the time Sugar welcome
Sugar welcome well How are
the newscasts they're got man it's
going very well they're
working quite well the
main channel is finally getting up which
was dead
and the lollipop one is also going well not
bad okay then I would like to keep up
with the rhythm with the rhythm okay
half an hour with art you do an hour and a
half half an hour with art Well for
now we've spent 12 minutes of the
live broadcast already on music and for you to
settle in okay So well if it's okay let
's go to the Elisever video of the
evening
to see for me there's a  theme in the evening
that is the iceberg for me there is a
theme but well for them to have made a
half hour video because there has to be
chicha no chicha marimeña let's see the
theme the evening of the year is the biggest event
in the world of
Hispanic streamers an iceberg is a video in
which we talk about facts theories and
curiosities and as we progress in the
video it gets darker
[Music]
okay an iceberg is what he described very
well but I would add The example not the
spitting image of an iceberg that is an
iceberg no that you know that
always yes the tip of the iceberg no
That phrase that was said a lot not the tip
of the iceberg no because there is Elizabeth what
is visible is like the tip but
then it is infinitely below the
water and below the ocean no like there
is much much more that is not seen
okay it is not known then let's get down to
business
level 1 record of viewers factor a
kiss evening of the year in Mexico that in the
end is going to be no from what I
found out in the end the evening is being
negotiated at the Santiago  Bernabéu
is negotiating it Piqué fight of the
evening of the year 4
Fey revild by nimu bad Bunny fake
Bad Bunny fake Bad Bunny that was
at the evening I'm
not saying let's see if I'm eating this video from a
year ago now Bad
Bunny fake was in the other one not in the 2
iceberg iceberg and it can be seen
and seen
outfit of cariñosa de harina Play
Rubius against xusin Dallas banned from
Twitch
outfit of the streamers and their partners
Avi against Lola indigo okay okay
level 1 is already powerful level 1 is already
coming strong
and the evening of the year being the most
popular event carried out by streamers, it
achieves a gigantic reach which made that
on July 25th I
already got used to telling you I made a face
twisting with laughter but we
love you That's how it looks it can be seen or it can't be seen
Elizabeth the tip of the iceberg
now I'm going to be me already super neutral total
super neutral totally Let's see it is the
most popular event of the year it is the most
popular event for streamers Of course if it
is promoted by all
streamers if I suddenly made an
event and everyone promoted
the event Well of course it would also have that
popularity if the event is good
because it has to be good too we are not
going to take that merit away from him Roman How
annoying everything every day they make you a
member I don't know how he does it but every
day he makes a member Roman I have no
idea we put up with it because he gives away a lot of
members but every [ __ ] day he makes a
member June 2022 during the
celebration of the evening of the year 2
the record for the Stream with the most
live viewers was broken because during the
Ari Gameplays fight against
paracetamor the evening of the year
2.3.3 million
simultaneous viewers west was the official record
until July 1, 2023
where 3.4 million viewers were reached
in the evening of the year
3.4 is not the same 3.4 as 3.5
because it is 3.5
2 million
499.99 that is 2.5 okay it's not real we
were already talking about it it's not real that
record is
not going to comment anything about  the thing about the
record that is not real Oh well I will
comment on it okay because I
would like this video to be more complete let's
see it would be ibai
published the Graph and I was explaining it to you
the other day what happened
Okay guys I explained it to you the other day
okay but I'll explain it again I don't
care let's see These are the graphs
okay These are the graphs of the
audience for the evening obviously
This is not real okay here obviously
what happened is that two options no
that we raised the other day that
Twitch cannot support more than
2,499.99 viewers per broadcast because
remember that there are more people doing
Stream no then either Twitch cannot
support within the same broadcast
2,499
499 1999 viewers within the
same broadcast or that the counter does not
count more than that number okay Why
Because it is impossible for you to reach
this peak three times here and
this straight line stays here okay this
straight line stays here Okay what is happening
well as I explained to you the other day it is
not that much  plus
three nodes it's true 3 Sorry 3 million
499.99 okay Sorry thanks What's
happening because as I told you the other
day much more is not much more it's not yes it's
true that surely the record
was close to 3 million
600,000 or 700,000 Okay but not much more
okay why because this would have
looked like this the
whole time if it had gone much
higher let's imagine that it had gone up
here much more and had
stayed around here at 5
million or something like that as they said
Of course this line would have looked
straight here all the time however it doesn't
look straight all the time it looks a
little a little straight here then it goes down here
then it goes down here then it goes back up
okay I think the reality of this that we will
never really know tesa just
sounded familiar to me I think something of what you
were talking about sweetheart I don't know if you
're here Talk to me in the chat I think
this is more or less something like that okay Why
Because if you're here the
logical thing is that when I finish this point
important
because it would go down a little bit around here,
but it wouldn't go below 5 million. Thank you
very much, I hadn't
mentioned your name obviously, but
thank you, okay, I mean, no, this, this
wasn't it. This didn't go to five
million and then around here in the middle it fell here
a little bit and then it was around
here and then Here it went to six
million and then it went down again. No. This
isn't the Jaguar and the Magical One, okay, this
would basically be. Well, something like that a
little bit around here. This would have the one. This
look, this is the fight between Ampeter and
Abraham Mateo. Okay, so this touched 4
million, three million,
a little bit more than 4 and a half million,
okay, it wouldn't reach 600,000. Quevedo's performance
probably did. It went to 3 million,
600,000 more or less, his home, a kiss, and
the fight of this. This is the
last fight between Coscu and Germán, well, this
would be more or less like This, okay,
because it's a few hours when there isn't
much audience, it's summer and so on, no, so
these are more or less the realistic numbers.
The record would be a little
more.  3 million
499.99 but not 5 million or four
and a bit like people are saying no we will
never know if we will hit 5 million
no that is not because if not this line
here would have remained straight this line
above would have remained straight okay
the peak was surely Quevedo's
and if it wasn't Quevedo's it was from the
final fight okay but I think that from Quevedo
an ibai has considered doing an evening
of the year in Mexico supposedly this would be
considered as a location the
Azteca Stadium this would be an extra evening of the
year that would
supposedly be held in December December at the
Azteca Stadium in Mexico
alone however
another separate evening I mean it would not be
evening 4 but another It's nothing it is
completely confirmed but although it does not
become the evening of the year in
December it may be that in 2024 we will have the
evening of the year 4 in Mexico
what base that no base that no because they are
negotiating in the in the Bernabéu and it will
be they will reach a negotiation
for sure
Although it is too soon to know
who the boxers will be for the
evening of the year they have existed  some
pending fights such as ibai
against the Dead, no,
and he will never prepare for an
evening, okay, let's see, I'm not going to bet anything
because I don't know. I don't know what can happen
in 5 years, okay, but eBay is not in the
mood for that, okay, the physical change has already fallen by the
wayside many times and he
has lost a little, but it won't happen because he does
n't want to, he has other priorities since
ibai has declared that he wants to
participate in one of their evenings. other
possible fights are rivers from Spain
would he accept an invitation again yes no yes no
which challenged Ari Gameplays
during the evening of year 3 rematch
Spain Mexico arillo evening 4 and micho
was also invited to participate in the
evening of the fight if the one from
miso will be there with Sela, it is in year 4 arena evening
of year 4 and until there the two guests
however, although many of these
fights can take place,
this one will take place, the one from miso and the
Osi will take place, of course It doesn't necessarily have to
be like that since in other
evenings it has been said that other
fights would take place  that never ended up happening
eye lolito eh the evening 1 Although currently there are
few people that I dislike so much
man the world knows Nimu's face
because it has been leaked on
many occasions this has never
had an official Face rebil so
the vituber made him an offer ibai
where she offered him throwing him an offer ibai
she throwing him an offer ibai that if he
fought in the evening of the year he would be
willing to show his face
the desperation the desperation
next year because this is no longer obviously she
shows her face in the evening because this is no longer obviously
to you but he says no
because this is no longer obviously because they are not going
to invite you cheer up it's that I love it
because she says obviously I would have to
prepare myself I would not
accept this when two weeks before he said
two weeks before the evening he said to me
right now they tell me to fight and I get on
[Music]
the day of the evening of the year 2 became a
trending topic Bad Bunny with 500 Well
but let's see there is very let's see it's not because of
the numbers because Magic really
has a number Magic It's even worse than
none the number is no longer in the
evening because supposedly this was
a guest artist at the
evening of the year 2 since ibai had said
that there would be artists who would not sing and
that they would only go to see the event and
although on the red carpet it is stated that
this Bad Bunny was the real one The truth is
that it all turned out to be a joke by a
youtuber named Yo soy plex who
contacted a person extremely
similar to Bad Bunny got
fake security cars and managed to sneak it
into the evening of the year 2 even streamers
fell for
the joke
[Music]
arigameplays has been criticized due to
the costumes she chooses to appear
at streamer events because these are
usually quite revealing which would make
many people including
other streamers consider her
costumes to be inappropriate even
some people would compare her
to a loving
the sun there something with which I personally do
not agree since anyone
should be able to dress as they like Well it does not
make her affectionate it is not that dress that
harms anyone although on the other hand there have
been rumors that supposedly
during the red carpet of the  slams managed to
see more in a frame which
was supposedly eliminated from the
full live and although there is no
definitive proof that this is real
others claim that only a
shadow is seen finally the way of
presenting himself at Ari Gameplays events
has caused disgusting comments
towards the streamer
one of the most speculated fights for
the evening of the year 3 was Rubius against
exclusive this the same I think this will
never happen okay I could be
wrong too but I don't even see
Rubius sacrificing himself for that nor is there
kiku yes neither If suddenly it would make him
excited Okay, well maybe okay it's that
normally this thing about the veda
people who need it are dying to go, normally
people to raise their careers because they
have them a little more dull or
whatever but the blond one, look at you, the
projects he has were in Japan
recording the other day then he went to
Hawaii on vacation,
I don't think the blond one will go up to
four months sacrificing himself Because
look at you, I am me for a
physical change to improve my physique Eric
Thank you very much
and I know the sacrifice I'm making and
the time it takes away from me
work I ca
n't imagine what
training for an evening must be like, I
mean what
training for the evening has to be like is to be
four, four or five months and
four and five months
to dedicate them almost
exclusively to preparing for a
one-day event,
you know, I mean, no, I don't think that the
blond one and I mean, I think that this one would
make a mural, no, they wouldn't train for
four months and then he would say that
an American streamer is not going because Rubius
during the evening of the year 2 would have
launched a challenge towards exclusive where he
said that fighting without
physical preparation was accepted, he would fight
before this excuse. He said that they would fight
but that they would bet money, finally he went
and said that he asked and they answered
that it was all a joke and that they really
had no intention of fighting at the
evening of year 3
Dallas review was banned on Twitch at the
end of June 2022, but
Dallas was not banned what was taken away
was the Partner
is not banned as such because of the evening
of year 2, however the reason is not
completely clear because there are two
theories,
I am not clear, I am not clear  which
of the two the truth is I'm
not clear which of the two
is that at that time Dallas
had messed with a lot of people so
the Twitch rules are that you can't
talk about other creators so he
already called 8 I don't know what Ruby I don't know
how much Alexis I don't know how much
Ari's thing was the video that he made to
Ari that Ari Juan they said that they hadn't
reported But well that would have to be
seen but well And then it was exactly the
same day as coscu's thing just the same
day as coscu's thing but hours later
what What happens is that the coco video
was more or less on the same days as
Ari's video
so there What can he do is that
precisely they are also people who
report because they are people who report
all those that dala messes with okay
man the blond I don't think he reports okay
but for example lesbie I see it older
once alexby I see it older once
but for me Of course it could be a lot of
people it produces a lot of people who
caught him at a time when he was
messing with tokiski it could have been a lot of
people it
could have been a lot of people
I don't I wouldn't put my hand  in the
fire for none is that a post that
for none because there are times that I have
thought I for time when it happened I
thought about Ari and Juan
Because they also know it so reported
sometimes I thought about Ari and Juan for
the video that made him give them in the afternoon
Because also when you report it is not that they
ban you after half an hour the other does
not take the measures after half an hour
but they think about it a little they
manage it no and what about Coco is that it was
hours before then I said well
what Ari does fits more because a
little more time has passed but not that much maybe
a day or two
Exactly Lady I thought the same thing when I saw that
video of Coco I remembered what
windy did too
Exactly lady
but of course it could have been anyone who
reported him here on Twitch
in Twin you can't mess with The other
youtubers it is supposed that in truth
we all mess with everything but of course The thing
is that they don't report you We here
[ __ ] Agustín has insulted me he has
insulted me a million so that I don't
start reporting him but
here it is already  that went further Yes because it's not that they
put a van on him or a van
imagine another day banned no no no no no
no they take away the Partner
or it was a cluster of reports from several
creators
or they went to him with some controversy to say
Hey Dalas is very bad he shouldn't be
on the platform
what a mystery you know that things
happen things happen over time and in the
end I think any Twitch worker
Of course if it has been from Spain I don't know
but I would love to know
And if it was ibai the head of the elite to me
and on one occasion he told me that he
had never reported a video of
Dallas
that he didn't tell me eh I can
believe it or not but he told me that he does
n't say let's see I accept that they
criticize me and such um man let's see if you
tell me that you have put My address my
credit card in a video Well maybe
there I will report you but no But
because they talk bad about me no not
me on Ebay no
no let's see but I already tell you that
anyone
can  be anyone
notice that How curious eh
notice How curious
that then there are people who do
atrocities and nothing happens to them on
Twitch and to me in the middle of the
squid game for example boom they escaped in
Dry they escaped in Dry
in the middle of the squid game with 7000
viewers of which it had the most boom
without having done anything boom channel banned a
week when the squid games end Oh it
's almost a tweet error boom
and they return it to me I do
n't know it
could have been a cluster of people who
reported that they agreed to
report I don't know the first that the person
responsible was Juan guarnizo and
arigameplays which had been
criticized by Dallas at that time on the
other hand the Dallas review himself
stated that Juan guarnizo had spoken
to Juan and 100% it was not because of him in fact he
wrote to Twitch because he had not
been and for them to give me explanations
that they gave me
Yes, in all honesty, I believe that I
spoke to Juan around that time too
and he told me that  no, it hadn't been
This 100% was because of Coscu for
defending a guy who in the middle of a
String had an unconscious and
drugged girl who he abused
but he has that much power, man, it
was the same day as Coco's thing,
man, I think he uploaded the video in the
afternoon and at 3 or 4 hours, boom,
that eh, I mean, if one day it can be
confirmed in some way,
if one day it could be confirmed in
some way or
this la marinera comes out for Twitch, this eh, he
has spoken to you and he had told him
that he was not responsible, which
sounds strange because just days ago
Dallas had criticized his wife, just
the day of their fight, that video was
strong, you know, for what he didn't have,
absolutely, I'll say one thing. I'll also
tell you one thing, shut up, I wasn't
saying it, I also considered that,
maybe Twitter itself can make the
decision without anyone reporting it.
It's rare for that to happen, but if suddenly
there's someone who has a thing against you
working at Twitch and says, Oh, well, this one
has messed with this one, with this one,
with this one, ah, I'll ban him  or I take away the
Partner is against the rules you know what I mean it
could also be it could be that it
's the tweet workers who
have a grudge against him obviously because it's a
very personalized decision because
the normal thing for a report is that they give you
a van Hey well a ban boom for messing
with another creator is against the rules
a week a month whatever but they
take it away directly
I wish I knew man
I wish I knew everything that Juan Guarnizo
spoke to him in a good way although he could also
simply lie to Dallas another
suspect was Coscu to whom Dallas
had dedicated a first video regarding
a topic that we will talk about
later yes people say that this
topic He took it out of the evenings and he has not taken it out
of wings nor has it been for
evening, that is because that coco topic has been brought
up for years Even on
television in his country he
finally gives it he claims that Twitch
owed him a million dollars at that time
because Dallas had money
withheld from Twitch
the million dollars
dollars I the truth is that the million
dollars in how long can that
generate is that I do not have  [ __ ]
idea what the Dalas generates seemed like
an outrage to me because the truth is that for it to
be a million dollars how much does it have to
be per month it
seems like an outrage to me but well I don't
know the accounts of each one
the outfits of many streamers during
the evening of the year 2 were criticized
because many of them went with
informal output while I said that yes it has
been that
[Music]
anyway do not use those
terms please okay
[Music]
is that if your daughter that that for that video
you can put that
very strong on the part of Twitch
the outfits true I always criticize them
like a good sevillanito Not me the one I
like Look at this photo the one who is best
dressed is the sequian I like him as a base
who I would dress like that too
while his partners would have to go
a little more gala
[Music]
Abby is a streamer who is
mainly known for being Ávila Sharon man they
told me a lot they told me many
things but there are things that I can't tell
man
but well
[Music]
Well we'll talk yes why not Ávila
they kicked out of the evening there was
planned cast to fight in the evening 3 and
Ávila was thrown out because of the controversies he had
with Auron and such okay I don't understand it
either because there are many other people who have
had controversy with Auron and there he has
been okay I do
n't know if esquivéis wanted in some
way for Auron to attend the evening
because in fact there is one thing that is
rarely mentioned I think I said it one
day Hi Javi I just came in and let me
tell you that every day I see you younger
what is your secret Sorry to
interrupt with the kids and the
2100 members that we are right now
okay
and the 2100 members that we almost are right now let's
see there is one thing that is
rarely talked about and that is that he was there sold on
several occasions before the
evening 3 okay that
Auron was going to attend the evening or
rather he let it slip on many occasions and
played with that bytes When one did not
think of going to the evening at any time
in fact I think that Auron is not
going to say publicly perhaps what he
thinks of the evening and  some things are
okay
but he still
never had thoughts of praise
okay
And eBay played with that byte on many
occasions in fact on one occasion he said
something like well well well I'm not
going to say it, let him say it if he wants, let
him say it if he wants, we're
almost implying that it was confirmed
Perla, Karches' girlfriend, who was
known for hanging out with Auronplay, this was
recognized by Karcher himself. In
theory, Abby would fight at the year 3 evening.
The original idea was for her to fight against
Lola Indigo because during the second
delivery of the Slam awards, the singer
Lola Indigo told Karcher. However, the
fight was canceled because Abby
participated in the funa against Auronplay,
even according to
this one in particular,
if I'm not mistaken, this day
was when Wismichu brought out
my private conversations
and it's soft from what I've been told, it
's tactful to laugh at my
conversations.
But well, surely just as they
've told me, they'll surely be
telling it around there and there's you Avi, there
's your Abby to laugh at my
conversations
who laughed and  He supported some conversations
that it was criminal to take him out okay this
sucks laugh at my conversations daughter
because Abby participated from what
they have told me in the funa against auronplay even according to Abi herself she would be considered to fight against amorant before machichi but because of the whole situation that was generated it was thought that it was better [Music] not to do it at that moment [Music] not to do it at that moment and Coscu if they
let him But Coscu because you guys don't
believe that he was going and he didn't consider taking
Coco out eh And go if he has to
look good what happens is that he would do
some kind of balance would interest him
more and also that Julio kicked the lawyer out
There he goes and told him that they couldn't
take him out of the evening because if he took him out it
was
[Music]
that if they took him out it was As he said
Dallas' accomplice who is like an accomplice what
colleague of
what Javi Turn up the volume on the mic
hello hello hello hello hello it sounds
soft
hello hello hello hello hello
[ __ ] dude  Thanks for letting us know, I don't
know why it's only
five days away from the Year 3 evening. The
streamer Amourant reported through Twitter
that she would not be able to participate in the
boxing event without previously notifying
Ibai, who had to find out from
another streamer. The reason was that she
supposedly began to have
medical difficulties due to
menopause. According to Amourant herself, she
knew she had complications since
March but thought she could
box. Finally, it turns out that
for medical reasons Amourant could not
participate in the Year 3 evening.
However, there are theories that claim that
Amorant or her team or representative would
find out about the controversy surrounding the
evening, so to avoid Amouran
getting involved, they would better invent that
Amuran had health problems. Some
people were upset because Amourant before,
after having left the evening lying around. Well,
basically, she started reacting to
her while in a bikini at the same time
that the evening was being broadcast, you
have to have her as a diamond, she
doesn't give a damn and you think she was going to
say something to Muran  Javi there is no
possibility that Avi left
on her own because of coscu but
in order not to look bad she made a deal
with ibai to say that they removed her and not
affect them no no no no they fired her they fired her they
fired
Dallas review is a controversial profile
because it is dedicated to uncovering and
criticizing negative behavior of
streamers and influencers a few months ago He
had an argument with Sprint
because Sprint criticized him before Spring who will
give what he is trying to see It's that
really This gives me This gives me a lot of
anger because let's see Dallas is not
going after the evening Dallas is
criticizing everyone because they defend a
kid who has done something
tremendously horrible in order not to
lose their seat at the evening I mean the
criticism of Dallas I mean it's not only
the evening the evening itself to
have it see that the evening is the I mean it's
a mess no what they did is not
worth places I mean the criticism each
streamer was because each streamer
was getting involved in defending something that
has no defense in order not to lose their
little stand and his invitation to the evening
not that Dallas was dedicated to trying to
ruin the evenings of the year out of nowhere
every year he starts to take out of
nowhere videos about the people who
participate in the evening dude
last year he did it this year also
next year with those who participate it is
said that the guy has a desire
Well last year he dedicated a video to Ari
Gameplays who was one of the
main boxers and now Dallas has
criticized Christine Nini Germán and
coscu I know that there was reason to
criticize them right now it is
true that Dallas is a creator who has
always dedicated himself to criticism
regardless of whether they have a relationship with the
evening or other streamer events
[Music]
one of the people exposed by Dallas
was Germán garment the decadence I mean you
know when you
know when suddenly
[Music]
you know when suddenly there is a person
who looks very famous and is very successful
I know an actor people who suddenly are
very successful are in the
Hollywood elite anything Okay in
music superstar and then the
years go by and you see it in  Leticia Sabater plan well
this is how I see Germán right now
as a Leticia Sabater man I mean I see
the decline man retire with dignity
or dedicate yourself to your community dedicate yourself to what you
know I see total decline man the
creep Total that he has given himself
one day possibly one of the youtubers
of your childhood everything would start when
Germán encouraged him Coscu I think what
Coscu feels is that one Generally
receives the negative it is that I do not see him as
the same person me to the others eh
we believed that he was a bread of God and I do not
see him With the same eyes is that I do not see him I
see him as one more of these guys they
have told me that I am not the favorite
maybe he tells him that he is not the favorite
but it is a matter of not listening to comments
and you know Coscu that he is training
hard let's put on a good show Let's put on a
good fight and we hug each other at the end of
the fight bro and let it be the best event
of the year this would make Dallas make a
video saying that he was
disappointed in Germán after giving them he
would show that  German was
promoting a scam through
his Instagram stories that I
found with the account of this bro
called Fausto I'm going to leave it here for you to
check it out he has a beautiful
pink Mercedes but beautiful go see it
tell me Give me your opinion go check it
out and also check out
Fausto's Telegram channel There it is in his
check it out where he sent his followers
to the typical Instagram account that
shows luxuries and a Telegram group through
which forex scams were carried out
Lolito fought in the evening of the year 2
against Lushu although as we know this
fight only had one round and it
ended because the winner was
Lolito because Luxshu had suffered an
injury during the evening of the year 2 it had been
said that this fight would be
repeated for the evening of the year 3 Well
next year I don't know what the
boss says we repeat this or what boss if they
want yes however this did not end up
being like that surely due to
Lolito's disagreement because he
declared that he having participated in
the evening of  Year 2 represented a
loss of 20,000 euros, I spent
20,000 euros between hotels,
rented houses, if the controversy is true,
eh,
food, equipment, everything, well, in the
Year 2 evening, the boxers were not paid
and in order to monetize the
evening they had to sell their gloves,
helmet, and shorts to a brand that
wanted to advertise on them
and there will be a lot of people who buy that,
man, they would make a lot of money with that.
Now, a lot of people who buy some
Ari Gameplays boxing gloves, for
example,
you will buy some
Ari Gameplay boxing gloves, for example,
Lolito was not aware of this,
so he ended up not getting paid anything for
boxing in the Year 2 evening, while
the rest of the boxers earned six
figures, that is, more than 100 thousand dollars. It is
often said that criticism and gossip channels only
profit from the misfortune of others, saying things like
they do not create their own content or
in general stigmatizing them as
shitty channels just for
commenting on the gossip of streamers and
influencers.  popular The truth is
[Music]
This is the [ __ ] video that I had to
see
see that's why you
made me put up this
[ __ ] shitty video
come on me It's that I'm freaking out you know what I put up the
[ __ ] video I say look they're going to give me a
compliment look Javier was going to go
reject the party these people don't have
in principle I don't know how much
and he shows me a gossip animation
YouTube of the claymation of the year 2015
and he shows me the [ __ ] photo of the
Rosa microphone that's not me that's not
me
[ __ ] you guys really have me fried man
with the videos that you send me to
watch
[ __ ] with the [ __ ] photo of the balls
with the [ __ ] the party of the year is the
biggest event
look look look at this chick look and on
top of that one of the most played moments
really man and you're
here today without doing a member or anything What's wrong with you does your
finger hurt no like or member
I mean I would have gone to bed for this
I mean I would have
gone to bed I should have closed
the live shitty anuses just
for commenting on the gossip of popular streamers and
influencers the truth Hahaha at
least They should have put the 2023 remake
that came out the other day XD no Remake at
all, I mean they did this so you can
see the difference not between yesterday and
today no I
mean I don't understand I don't understand anything
about this photo I
don't understand anything about these photos
I'm fed up with my little ear here on the
right
or left for me the red ear
is that these have shown to have more
values ​​than other streamers because
youtubers like cel or Fabio oliveira
rejected the invitation to the evening for
following their values ​​​​and not supporting an event
that has but it's not that what
surprises me is that you have to applaud
Maybe or point out this that you have to
applaud or point out not for following their
values ​​​​but if it's not about
the values ​​​​if it's that I don't have
better or worse values ​​​​than anyone else If I
think it's something logical I mean
I think it's something completely
logical that everyone should have done
Exactly the same
Thank you so much Alexis for giving away 50
members thank you so much and suca for
giving away 10 and thank you so much roops
for giving away 5 roots cheer up I was giving it to him just kidding just kidding just kidding just kidding
roops
a kiss sica Thank you so much sweetheart
a round of applause from the entire chat to the three of you okay
the sound is muted because otherwise we ca
n't see the video okay we're
talking about 65 members here quickly
in a moment like nobody's business
Okay as the main event to coscu
which we'll talk about later
[Music]
[Laughter]
But well this is what my mother I mean there's
a video with 400,000 views on the internet
that says guys like as the main topic
as a topic okay within the index as the
main topic well in one it shows me the [ __ ]
crappy photo and now it shows me uncle
sur the gossip channel that doesn't inform
that he will never be interested in
informing again in his life Nothing that goes
against ibai against Greg
because the cocky guy will try the
Island for all the  media and it will be
his dream
It will be his dream this year-end to be able to
go to the Airlines and
make an effort and send the entire community please vote for me desperately because I want to go to the airland, I mean, that's clear if suddenly Greg Peter a kiss to well Peter a kiss no, now all 65 members have to come out If suddenly grefg takes a [ __ ] in a shopping center on an
escalator Uncle Sur is not going to
release the news it
is one of the gossip channels with the most
viewers on Twitch this one usually gives
very neutral opinions however This
is one do the live ones give their opinions either no
but Javier guys one never names you
man yesterday he released a video with my name
in the title dude what the [ __ ] are you
talking about laco yesterday the day before yesterday he released a
video with my name in the title
but anyway I am in my
freedom of expression to be able to give my opinion no
What's going on and more when he is coming out
in the video
is that the guy is an opinionator no I mean the news not even I mean I
think that
many times he hasn't even seen the clip
because he says a phrase and puts
the clip and the  90% of the video are clips well well
yes give your opinion yes give your opinion yes give your
opinion let's see what you think about Coscu it's that I do
n't really know
what you think about Coco for example it's that I
've tried to find it and not out of
curiosity let's go to know what you think
but candres mentions more So
Andrés Comments more what he's going to
put in the click and exposes a
short click but Comments more
What is the opinion
of Goku normally if he gives his
opinion let's see laco tell me what is the
opinion of Coscu for example no
but I mean I'm saying it I'm not saying it badly it's that I've
looked for it and not to
know I say let's see since he's going to the
evening he will have a different opinion than
mine
What is it laco we're waiting for you
we're stopped right now I do
n't see him daily but when I see him does he have an opinion about
the salsa singers that blacko puts
Tell me the opinion for example that
uncle sur had that
arigameplays
[Music]
and Juan don't give their opinion about auronplay and they haven't come
out  defend him
for example another laco topic since you have
n't seen the previous one
I ask because I don't watch the live shows I
can't watch everyone's live shows
the chur reacted to the live show to the
brunenger video okay And what did he think for
example about brunenger
what did he think they
should have defended him and more so
being his friends
because uncle Sur doesn't have an opinion And he has more
views than you Javi set fire well you
answered well you answered he did
n't set fire
for that reason and for the root I don't understand what it
will be
I don't understand what it will be
one of the few gossip channels that
didn't refuse to go to the evening many
people claim that this youtuber is
one of the
tweets it was too much When I saw this
host it's that they sell their opinion the most Well
in the past when other
content creators have asked him to remove videos, he does it
only to be
nominated or contemplated by the biggest streamers it
was on the rise let's see that everyone has their own
that everyone has the right to use their
techniques okay
for a long time there have been
rumors that Ari Gameplays
Ari Gameplays' infidelity to Juan
Guarnizo has been going on for a long time now. Eye eye, the current topic has been going on for a
long time now that there have been
rumors that Ari Gameplays
was unfaithful to Juan Guarnizo. Well, the day
Ari fought at the evening of the year
2. The youtuber gives the reviews made an
exclusive video for his website
called stardeo. What I find
crazy
is Ari Gameplay
presenting those
who, I understand, I don't get into
anyone's personal life. Each one
forgives, does not forgive. I don't know what has
happened in everyone's life, but if
this is true, that he is presenting the
links
seems brutal to me.
In this one, he said that Ari Gameplays had
been unfaithful to her husband Juan
Guarnizo, the 2018 gemmergy. The
most solid evidence is some tweets made
from secondary accounts of Ari
Gameplays and Juan Guarnizo where
Apparently, they would have had a
estrangement before Ari's trip to
the gamergie, this along with
anonymous testimonies that they supposedly saw  to Ari
and greff getting involved thank you very much kime
thank you very much for those five members
however at least for me the evidence is
not conclusive
well
ni mu is possibly the person who
founded the most derived from the entire evening this
because the same while making a
tier list that
really is that this is too much It
is that this is too much
ni mu is painting it is
painting it wherever it goes from
youtubers the idea of ​​​​saying
that coscu was got
Goku
Eduardo
[Music]
no Giovanni not me
what made Dallas make a
criticism she tried to report the video
what made Dallas investigate about
her discovered disgusting eh everything that
came out of the mood was disgusting eh
everything that came out of the mood was Make that
what was dedicated to using multiple accounts
to sell photos of girls
that were for spicy gentlemen are not these
of her would appear in a live
saying that she did it to help her
father and say that what coscu did was wrong
however it was revealed that privately she
went to apologize to coscu and to
blame Dallas for making her talk all
this made that  was criticized they
sent it to me they
sent it to me
what he spoke with Goku he
started sending it to tell it to a
group of to a discord group of hers
with followers she started telling them she is
so intelligent that she started telling it
will be a group of Followers and those
followers started passing all
that information to gossip channels
and being so exposed
darker things would be shown like that she
supposedly scammed one of her
followers the amount of 30 thousand dollars
Well according to rooms himself coen the
supposed victim of the scam was not
given the contracted services in the face of
all this nimo tried to put all the
blame on her ex-boyfriend all these funas
have made that currently nimu has
barely 185 subscribers
185 subscribers she has right now
because she had less than 100 recently
Well I think she has more or less the
same as me not on Twitch no Twitch
which is a small amount of
subscribers compared to what
she used to have
many people have claimed that the
year 3 evening is cursed this is
because it is  the evening with the most
boxer losses Already changing
half of the fights that were
originally going to take place
the coco issue the coscu issue is perhaps the
most dense of the evening of year 3 coscu
is the streamer who will be as the
main event in the evening of year 3 against
Germán Garmendia however a
year ago the youtuber dales review would have
made a video but it's not only
the youtuber dala
is that there is
the original thumbnail this photo
had here I had never realized I had
never realized that I had
this photo here
of Coco putting it is that this image
is completely representative he
welcomed putting his little finger like this Oh
wow in the mouth like
Shut up baby
you shut up and take it
but that dala didn't take this out that you had already
taken it out let's see Dallas took it out but
that this had already been on tv and in
a lot of places
or against coscu showing that coscu
dedicated himself to sending a photo of an
unconscious girl drunk and without clothes and this
photo ended up going viral on the internet
people would continue investigating and they
found a live  coscu in
which Costco would have supposedly exhausted
an unconscious girl in a
drunken state Well according to coscu's testimony
the girl kept saying save me
scratch him and scratch him the only
defense that coscu gave Is that the girl
enjoyed doing adult things
while she was drunk
how strong that eh
during the coscu case when this one came to
go to ibai's Stream
all kinds of comments from the
chat regarding coscu were being censored which is why many
no no to this day on ibai's Channel
the word cocu is censored but
even on the YouTube channel I mean if
you try to post a comment that
has the word coscu no
[Music]
the comment is not published it is banned they
started using the violin emoji to
describe coscu however for the
fact of using the violin emoji in
ibai's chat they would give you a ban
Christie mini is one of the
presenters of the evening of the year 3 and
was the presenter of the evening of the year 2
and the youtuber Dallas made a video in
which he stated  that cristinini would have done
things for adults with a 16
year old boy and also psychologically abused him,
however, during the
video Dallas did not provide any
conclusive evidence limiting himself to
reproducing the testimony of the alleged
victim and stating that there are photos of
cristinini and the boy at events, to
which Christine mini simply denied and
said that she would take legal action.
Finally, the only evidence that
exists is not conclusive and are
simple tweets apart from that the the to me the
subject of the video of krini for me what
is, let's see if it is an everyday thing, it's
okay because it is gossip, no, but not
something to denounce cristinini, that you
[ __ ]
for me the strongest thing of the video for me
the most relevant for me, for you guys whatever
you want but for me the
most relevant thing of the video
was what happened in New York, that is, it was
discovered that scream chinini had taken,
had sent a burofax to the million so that
the million would stop, okay. And on the other hand, the
good thing is the hypocrisy with the
hypocrisy with the evening, the bag
and all that, for me that is impressive
firulais is a tiktoker who began to
gain traction talking about the
subject of germani coscu on tiktok.
While he was agreeing with Dallas
to have a debate, Dallas sent him
gore. During the debate,
different topics were discussed, but at the end,
firulais continued on Stream along with
other people saying that they were going to
ruin Dallas's career,
so this annoyed man entered the
call again and put them not for
live so that firulais would be banned.
According to Dallas' version, firulais and
Company began to insult Easy
p his girlfriend and a large part of a group of
people who were dedicated to doxing pan
bisitos
coscu. He has spoken out on several
occasions regarding Dallas. He has
stated that the funa that there is every
day today we have a new clip. In fact,
today there is a new clip in which he takes a
belt, the belt of the evening and
dedicates it to Dallas, take it for you, son of a
[ __ ], no or something like that, he says like, well, I do
n't understand, the truth is, I
mean, I don't understand, it's that he ASSUMES that he
has won the evening  and that's because he
beat Dallas, which I don't understand. I
really do
n't understand how he interprets a
victory in a fight like with the rest,
not because the [ __ ] he talks, tell it, I mean, he
really really
said, well, when I talk, everything will
end, cool, what I've done is Dallas, it hasn't
affected him in the least, stating that he
still has sponsors, however,
according to Shelao, another of the boxers
stated that he was trying to close
contracts with brands, but due to all
the funa that he has said on several occasions
that they had problems with brands
over the issue, and Dallas did everything, it became
difficult, which would imply that
Coscu effectively lost
sponsors because of the case caused by the
disgusting thing that he did.
[Music]
Streamers tend to be people who
talk about all the
current topics and on many occasions they
get outraged by things such as
a group of streamers giving likes on
Twitter to people who are dedicated to
uploading risqué photos, however,
None of the streamers have come to
speak out regarding Coscu, this is strong,
eh, this is strong, eh, I mean, the
three of them, that's  Poor things, they kicked him out of
coi for liking girls who upload
that photo so that they like it, okay,
and they haven't wanted to say anything about this issue,
if anything, they come to clarify that the
coscu case is something that a judge should judge.
This gets to the point that on
ibai's tiktok the Germanico Coscu fight is advertised
as if people are
throwing coscu at him because he's going to fight against
German Garmendia as if people
hated him for fighting possibly one
of the favorite youtubers of the majority
of the public. I realized that I had
agreed to fight Jesus and
basically these
are the consequences now I give myself to the
entire internet but perhaps one of the
strongest cases is that of machichi
who you
cloth is the need man I drag myself
because And if this is my chance to
grow, there was
a friend who suffered abuse
by another person and supposedly
suffered a lot because of her friend, she contacted
Dallas who helped her and after
the funakos kudal contacted her. But
malichi simply refused to speak out
against coscu
[Music]  is it
late or is it a project of the youtuber
of the review this project has
existed for years Dallas during the evening of
year 2 made a video in which he claimed
that Ari Gameplays had been unfaithful to
Juan Guarnizo This was a video that
everyone wanted to see so some
people began to want to pirate the
video and they found a video God it
turns out that Dallas had hidden a
goal video for those who tried to
access the paid content for
free finally da las declared
that it seemed little to him and that he must have given them
a virus
the evening of year 3 had a
surprise fight due to the abandonment of amourant
for medical reasons so
the identity of the chosen one was kept secret there
were different theories as to what
the identity of the chosen one was some
candidates to be the chosen one were
arigameplays or his sister amigots it was
very likely finally as we know the
chosen one ended up being rivers there
are rumors that claim that the
evening of the year is scripted this
due to a comment by Ari Gameplays
in which he claims that he was told not to
give
Goku is organizing
cuesta organizing an evening
that  you struggle organizing an evening
What a great idea it was all of yes And the
evening is not a professional boxing event
but simply
content this adding the results
For example recently saying that
Ferronal beat Luzu in the evening of the
year 3 makes you think that the
evening is really ionized and it is already known
who is going to win the fights
the ibai events are massive and
specifically the evening of the year usually
has an average of almost 3 million
viewers which causes the
Twitch servers to crash to the point
that many viewers were not
able to see fights for example the one
of the rivers in the evening of the year 3
because Twitch could not handle so many
users send egg
after all the cradle really
or rather the guy takes out This video
well it was a song he puts this
cover
sanama that you have to see just you have to
see it
and the hippies inside the video say don't
stay that he wants to sleep and if not you
have to give me your girlfriend so I can
sleep with her I don't remember how life no and the
hippies start criticizing Dallas
because Dallas  He says if I go to your country I'll
bust you no,
obviously I'm totally
against violence and all that
but man within context within
context
I would criticize this guy before what happened to
Dallas I wouldn't have done it either I don't
justify it I'm completely
against it I don't think that to humiliate
this guy you don't need this but
you see this is normal
the song Toda naca dedicated to Dallas
in which he indirectly said that he was going to
do adult things with Lizzi
the indirect indirectly
Dallas' girlfriend so Dallas made a
call with him in which they revealed things
like nimo was saying that kenzo had given him bruises
later
some conversations were revealed where nimu was
asking kenzo for forgiveness for telling
another youtuber named Luis zardo they
caught her coscu it's the typical
uneducated profile with so many cognitive
and social deficiencies that it was obvious to predict the
reaction if Carmen won the world
what had hit him revealing that
the bruises really nimu began to
say that her boyfriend had hit her then she
denied it she sent him an audio asking him
Sorry is that nimu had why Enzo
were for doing things for adults
finally Dalas gets upset with kenzo
when the latter starts calling him a
scammer which makes Dalas
upset and starts threatening to
kill him asking for his address you are an
idiot you are a pupayaso you dedicate yourself to
saying a little song I'll bust your
pupueza listen to me one thing if you tell me this
to the pucará
in front of your girlfriend son of a great pug it's that
simple you have insulted yourself in your
song of [ __ ] you tell me that to my
face and I'll show you in a moment come on
tell me where you live I
swear I'll go tomorrow and kill you
momo was a boxer of the evening of the
year 2 and he is a friend of coscu this was
as a guest on a program called piso
18 in which he confessed that he along with some
friends dedicated himself to giving a
drunk girl a drink watered down with his urine and
the girl when she finished drinking what
momo called the meallands one of her
friends did things for adults with her  I was
working
and they tell it like a show, dude I mean I do
n't think I understand how they tell it like a
show But oh well, at least at
least he came out to give explanations the
next day and that he had apologized that
everything was fine that he obviously only did when he was
very young you know at least
the worst came out that what he
did is horrible no but at least he came out dude This
is a drink
my goodness she is a medium streamer
who contacted Dallas to tell him that
coscu, boxer of the main event of
the evening of the year 3, had abused
her according to Dallas caprimint
would have deleted a message where she
told him how coscu touched her at an event
without her consent according to Dallas the
deleted message said that caprimin
was sitting next to coscu at the
event and that this was fabric eh
This was fabric
everything around the truth has been fabric
she said she was cold to which coscu
lent her his jacket to
put it on her legs but coscu
would start to touch her leg and would go
up in front of this
a clip of a talk began to go viral
tecaprimint and other streamers where
caprimint without mentioning coscu's name
confirmed what I had said
dal that I have already done apart from being strong
in itself, the story is worth it apart from
being strong in itself, the story that it
is, the
girl's reaction was also strong when Dallas brought it up, which
suddenly began to qualify it, to soften it,
to tell it in another way Because she is
afraid of doors being closed on her, no, but the
strong thing about this story in
this video is that it confirms that many
streamers knew this episode of La
caprimint and were publicly
defending Goku from the funa that
was being done to him because of the photo
when they could have come out and said no, it
's not that apart from the fact that we condemn
the photo, there are more things that you don't know, it
would have been logical
if they know about this girl, the friends
that we don't know if Ari knew, but Ari
gets together with this one, he has been friends with
this girl, the
logical thing would have been for them to come out and
say no, no, not only about the
photo, I also know another
episode that I can't tell
Ari, you probably didn't know Javi, you probably didn't know
them and it turns out that  I was cold at that event
and he was drinking next to me
so I was there alone because it
was the only accent left and what
happened was that this person started
[Music]
to do this to me and start touching my
leg I started I froze
touching my leg like that
according to caprimin he decided not to talk because he did
n't want to look opportunistic Well
now that people were mocking coscu he did
n't want to come out like many others who
wait for the moment of the mockery to
also tell their testimony the most
regrettable thing is that caprime came out in a
live saying it's incredible that the
evenings started because Miller
insulted reven playing LoL and it
ended up in all this Haha That's how the
ambush began what coscu didn't get to touch his
parts So all I have left to say is that I
never said it
was abuse things that are against and
also what happened with Dallas but we'll see
but if it's that she herself the way of
telling it four months ago without
saying the name is not the same as the
way of telling it later I mean on
this second occasion when Dalas
reveals what she does  it's like
justifying it whitewashing it you know how he had to what the
[ __ ] are you doing I mean it's wrong
that Dallas is already forced to
expose it because I don't support that I mean yes yes
the girl doesn't want to
tell it you can't force her okay or
tell it without saying who you're referring to at
least okay but damn since you have that
impulse don't back down I
mean since it's known don't defend it
that you've been telling it three four months ago
in another way girl I
never said it
was abuse which contradicts
the testimony she had given
before and he was getting more and more
towards me
according to caprimint in the conversations
with Dallas she claims that she prefers not to say
anything because she has no evidence
Beyond her testimony,
the youtuber
cristininira a little no I mean now she's going to
tell about cristinini's wheel eh she
has declared that the world of streaming and
Twitch in general is very false and that if you
want to get into the wheel you have to
be false with the rest of your colleagues
and keep quiet about things in fact cristinini
stated that the streamers themselves
criticize each other behind their backs and do things
bad and then I will explain this a
lot of times and one day I will talk
for sure okay because one day I will get
crazy and I will get Pin Pin that it is not only that they
criticize the swords is that
strong things have happened between them and they
are playing house publicly
for collaborations and they invite each
other to things okay You see them
collaborating as if nothing because if you do
something that the streamers with
more power do not like They have the ability to
simply close the doors on you Here they are
eh I mean Do it he could
quietly close the door on you if he wants
amlo is a he
is a fairly successful youtuber when he
is at the top of Rubio and Mariana
and finally get you
off the wheel I thank the members for
supporting every month I have to
do that one day Hey very
good video Oh damn what I put here the
other because I wanted to go because of the photo that
the boy put me very good video
very well done very well the truth Very
good video I think nothing was missing I think
nothing was missing I am glad
that it got 400,000 views  the
truth Very good video and if you
notice also with very few hates because it
only has 800 dislikes out of 15,000 likes
I'm glad I'm glad okay glad I would have
put some more clips I
would have put some weather
I would have put the clips of
Cristinini the clip of Cristinini
affirming the wheel thing that they are all
fake I don't know what I don't know how much
the wheel thing the bag thing So it was in
chronological order in one she said the
wheel thing then the bag thing happened it seems like she
prepared it for us she made it on a silver
platter in one it was the wheel thing then it
was the bag thing
you're a kiss then she did
n't know how feminists
wore that bag I know no then they bring
up the subject of Coco and she gets angry with
the Followers who ask her about that
subject and then
and then
[Music]
the big news
Cristinini is the presenter of the
evening with Ari also
with and also okay Very good very
good the truth is that it is very well
structured Rick nect it is very well
structured  the truth is, everything is
very good for me
[Music]
compressed very few videos ago this
guy uploaded a video every week
only but this video It's very good it's
very good I like it the truth I think
nothing has been missing no And if
something has been missing we have been commenting on it as we went
along I don't know if
this live ask I do
n't know if this live send it to edit
so the editor can do it well well well well well well
well putting in the
middle all the clips about Nemo
Nemo's lies of course the same thing has been
missing there the lies of encouragement the
lies of Nemo not only when the
funa and encouragement but also the lies of encouragement
Nemo's lies of No I'm not
going to the evening No I'm not going to the
evening and they haven't invited me and I don't
have money and they haven't invited me and I don't have
money and then it turns out that suddenly if they
have invited him it slips out in a
live that they have invited him And we are still
here at 13 we are at 13 come on we are
three two [ __ ] weeks two
[ __ ] weeks from Nemo's thing this
excerpt invest this  that I'm explaining
now invest put it in Nemo's worth
two [ __ ] weeks two [ __ ] weeks of
Nimu's two [ __ ] weeks of the
evening that was on the 1st
and he hasn't mentioned the sponsor Not even before
Hey look at this sponsor the one who
paid me Thank you I will really
appreciate it not during the trip
nor now two weeks later still
what the [ __ ] will the sponsor be what the
[ __ ] will the sponsor be you
Okay family I hope you liked it I
hope you liked the video
there I'm closing it for the editor
listen to me I don't know if I should put it live
then for members
Javi Javi Game over of the evening eye eye
I'm going on vacation on Monday
on Monday I'm going on vacation for the whole week I'm going because I have to
record Javier to the
lollipop guys that
[Music] I
don't know if I should put this live only for
members I don't know
if I should Put this live only for
members and tomorrow upload it edited to the
salsería
nothing it doesn't matter if they see it in the salsería
edited and here they see it in
full the live
see it in full the salsería has uploaded
and video it to you  I put
the salsería has uploaded the video about
nimo
potente Also my mus your
lies are over
nimu your lies are over
nimus your lies are over and
[Music]
I'm going because I have to record for Javier
Olivera man I'm
going because I have to record for Javiera
okay guys I'm going because I have to record for
Javier Veira if there's anyone who hasn't
seen the last newscast go
watch it okay go watch it okay guys
a huge kiss I'll see you in
Javier Veira's comment box Okay I'll see you
in Javier Veira's comment box
guys
huge kiss if you love a kiss a
huge kiss Love you gorgeous Goodbye
goodbye
[Music]